CONFIGURATION.md, before:

# Configuration
This guide contains all the information you need to configure Auto-Southwest Check-In to your needs. A default/example configuration
file can be found at [config.example.json](config.example.json)

Auto-Southwest Check-In supports both global configuration and account/reservation-specific configuration. See
[Accounts and Reservations](#accounts-and-reservations) for more information.

**Note**: Many configuration items may also be configured via environment variables (except for account and 
reservation specific configurations).

## Table of Contents
- [Fare Check](#fare-check)
- [Notifications](#notifications)
    * [Notification URLS](#notification-urls)
    * [Notification Level](#notification-level)
    * [Test The Notifications](#test-the-notifications)
- [Browser Path](#browser-path)
- [Retrieval Interval](#retrieval-interval)
- [Accounts and Reservations](#accounts-and-reservations)
    * [Accounts](#accounts)
    * [Reservations](#reservations)

## Fare Check
Default: true \
Type: Boolean \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_CHECK_FARES`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

In addition to automatically checking in, check for price drops on an interval
(see [Retrieval Interval](#retrieval-interval)). If a lower fare is found, the user will be notified.

**Note**: Companion passes are not supported for fare checking.
```json
{
    "check_fares": true
}
```

## Notifications
### Notification URLs
Default: [] \
Type: String or List \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_NOTIFICATION_URL`
> When using the environment variable, you may only specify a single URL.
> If you are also using `config.json`, it will append the URL as long as it's not a duplicate.

Users can be notified on successful and failed check-ins. This is done through the [Apprise library][0].
To start, first gather the service URL you want to send notifications to (information on how to create
service URLs can be found on the [Apprise Readme][1]). Then put it in your configuration file.
```json
{
  "notification_urls": "service://my_service_url"
}
```
If you have more than one service you want to send notifications to, you can put them in an array:
```json
{
  "notification_urls": [
    "service://my_first_service_url",
    "service://my_second_service_url"
  ]
}

```

### Notification Level
Default: 1 \
Type: Integer \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_NOTIFICATION_LEVEL`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

You can also select the level of notifications you want to receive.
```json
{
  "notification_level": 1
}
```
Level 1 means you receive successful scheduling and check-in messages, lower fare messages, and all messages in later levels.\
Level 2 means you receive only error messages (failed scheduling and check-ins).

### Test The Notifications
To test if the notification URLs work, you can run the following command
```shell
$ python3 southwest.py --test-notifications
```

## Browser Path
Default: The path to your Chrome or Chromium browser (if installed) \
Type: String \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_BROWSER_PATH`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

If you use another Chromium-based browser besides Google Chrome or Chromium (such as Brave), you need to specify the path to
the browser executable.

**Note**: Microsoft Edge is not supported
```json
{
    "browser_path": "/usr/bin/browser_path"
}
```

## Retrieval Interval
Default: 24 hours \
Type: Integer \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_RETRIEVAL_INTERVAL`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

You can choose how often the script checks for lower fares on scheduled flights (in hours). Additionally, this
interval will also determine how often the script checks for new flights if login credentials are provided. To
disable account/fare monitoring, set this option to `0` (The account/fares will only be checked once).
```json
{
    "retrieval_interval": 24
}
```

## Accounts and Reservations
You can also add more [accounts](#accounts) and [reservations](#reservations) to the script through the configuration file.
Additionally, you can optionally specify [configuration options](#account-and-reservation-specific-configuration) for each
account and reservation.

### Accounts
Default: [] \
Type: List \
Environment Variables:
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_USERNAME`
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_PASSWORD`
> When using the environment variables, you may only specify a single set of credentials.

You can add more accounts to the script, allowing you to run multiple accounts at the same time and/or not
provide a username and password as arguments.
```json
{
    "accounts": [
        {"username": "user1", "password": "pass1"},
        {"username": "user2", "password": "pass2"}
    ]
}
```

### Reservations
Default: [] \
Type: List \
Environment Variables:
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_CONFIRMATION_NUMBER`
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_FIRST_NAME`
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_LAST_NAME`
> When using the environment variables, you may only specify a single reservation.

You can also add more reservations to the script, allowing you check in to multiple reservations in the same instance
and/or not provide reservation information as arguments.
```json
{
    "reservations": [
        {"confirmationNumber": "num1", "firstName": "John", "lastName": "Doe"},
        {"confirmationNumber": "num2", "firstName": "Jane", "lastName": "Doe"}
    ]
}
```


### Account and Reservation-specific configuration
Setting specific configuration values for an account or reservation allows you to fully customize how you want them to be
monitored by the script. Here is a list of configuration values that can be applied to an individual account or reservation:
- [Fare Check](#fare-check)
- [Notification URLS](#notification-urls)
- [Notification Level](#notification-level)
- [Retrieval Interval](#retrieval-interval)

Not all options have to be specified for each account or reservation. If an option is not specified, the top-level value is used
(or the default value if no top-level value is specified either). Any accounts or reservations specified through the command line
will use all of the top-level values.

An important note about notification URLs: An account or reservation with specific notification URLs will send notifications to those
URLs as well as URLs specified globally.

#### Examples
Here are a few examples of how the configuration options can be specified:

In this example, `user1`'s account will not check for lower flight fares. However, `user2`'s account will as the top-level value for
`check_fares` is `true`.
```json
{
    "check_fares": true,
    "accounts": [
        {"username": "user1", "password": "pass1", "check_fares": false},
        {"username": "user2", "password": "pass2"}
    ]
}
```

In this example, the script will send notifications attached to this reservation to both `top-level.url` and `my-special.url`.
```json
{
    "notification_urls": "https://top-level.url",
    "reservations": [
        {
            "confirmationNumber": "num1",
            "firstName": "John",
            "lastName": "Doe",
            "notification_urls": "https://my-special.url"
        }
    ]
}
```



[0]: https://github.com/caronc/apprise
[1]: https://github.com/caronc/apprise#supported-notifications

Commit message:

Add healthchecks.io integration (#203)
* add healthchecks.io integration

* remove not needed set in constructor

* remove healthchecks calls from checkin_handler.py

* check that healthchecks url is a string and make log message more generic

* move healthchecks calls to notification_handler.py

* move successful healthchecks call inside reservation_monitor.py

* remove unnecessary changes

* Add tests for the healthchecks notifications/config and format

* Document the Healthchecks URL in the config

---------

Co-authored-by: jdholtz <joeyholtzman0507@gmail.com>

CONFIGURATION.md, after:

# Configuration
This guide contains all the information you need to configure Auto-Southwest Check-In to your needs. A default/example configuration
file can be found at [config.example.json](config.example.json)

Auto-Southwest Check-In supports both global configuration and account/reservation-specific configuration. See
[Accounts and Reservations](#accounts-and-reservations) for more information.

**Note**: Many configuration items may also be configured via environment variables (except for account and
reservation-specific configurations).

## Table of Contents
- [Fare Check](#fare-check)
- [Notifications](#notifications)
    * [Notification URLS](#notification-urls)
    * [Notification Level](#notification-level)
    * [Test The Notifications](#test-the-notifications)
- [Browser Path](#browser-path)
- [Retrieval Interval](#retrieval-interval)
- [Accounts and Reservations](#accounts-and-reservations)
    * [Accounts](#accounts)
    * [Reservations](#reservations)
- [Healthchecks URL](#healthchecks-url)

## Fare Check
Default: true \
Type: Boolean \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_CHECK_FARES`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

In addition to automatically checking in, check for price drops on an interval
(see [Retrieval Interval](#retrieval-interval)). If a lower fare is found, the user will be notified.

**Note**: Companion passes are not supported for fare checking.
```json
{
    "check_fares": true
}
```

## Notifications
### Notification URLs
Default: [] \
Type: String or List \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_NOTIFICATION_URL`
> When using the environment variable, you may only specify a single URL.
> If you are also using `config.json`, it will append the URL as long as it's not a duplicate.

Users can be notified on successful and failed check-ins. This is done through the [Apprise library][0].
To start, first gather the service URL you want to send notifications to (information on how to create
service URLs can be found on the [Apprise Readme][1]). Then put it in your configuration file.
```json
{
  "notification_urls": "service://my_service_url"
}
```
If you have more than one service you want to send notifications to, you can put them in an array:
```json
{
  "notification_urls": [
    "service://my_first_service_url",
    "service://my_second_service_url"
  ]
}

```

### Notification Level
Default: 1 \
Type: Integer \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_NOTIFICATION_LEVEL`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

You can also select the level of notifications you want to receive.
```json
{
  "notification_level": 1
}
```
Level 1 means you receive successful scheduling and check-in messages, lower fare messages, and all messages in later levels.\
Level 2 means you receive only error messages (failed scheduling and check-ins).

### Test The Notifications
To test if the notification URLs work, you can run the following command
```shell
$ python3 southwest.py --test-notifications
```

## Browser Path
Default: The path to your Chrome or Chromium browser (if installed) \
Type: String \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_BROWSER_PATH`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

If you use another Chromium-based browser besides Google Chrome or Chromium (such as Brave), you need to specify the path to
the browser executable.

**Note**: Microsoft Edge is not supported
```json
{
    "browser_path": "/usr/bin/browser_path"
}
```

## Retrieval Interval
Default: 24 hours \
Type: Integer \
Environment Variable: `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_RETRIEVAL_INTERVAL`
> Using the environment variable will override the applicable setting in `config.json`.

You can choose how often the script checks for lower fares on scheduled flights (in hours). Additionally, this
interval will also determine how often the script checks for new flights if login credentials are provided. To
disable account/fare monitoring, set this option to `0` (The account/fares will only be checked once).
```json
{
    "retrieval_interval": 24
}
```

## Accounts and Reservations
You can also add more [accounts](#accounts) and [reservations](#reservations) to the script through the configuration file.
Additionally, you can optionally specify [configuration options](#account-and-reservation-specific-configuration) for each
account and reservation.

### Accounts
Default: [] \
Type: List \
Environment Variables:
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_USERNAME`
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_PASSWORD`
> When using the environment variables, you may only specify a single set of credentials.

You can add more accounts to the script, allowing you to run multiple accounts at the same time and/or not
provide a username and password as arguments.
```json
{
    "accounts": [
        {"username": "user1", "password": "pass1"},
        {"username": "user2", "password": "pass2"}
    ]
}
```

### Reservations
Default: [] \
Type: List \
Environment Variables:
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_CONFIRMATION_NUMBER`
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_FIRST_NAME`
 - `AUTO_SOUTHWEST_CHECK_IN_LAST_NAME`
> When using the environment variables, you may only specify a single reservation.

You can also add more reservations to the script, allowing you check in to multiple reservations in the same instance
and/or not provide reservation information as arguments.
```json
{
    "reservations": [
        {"confirmationNumber": "num1", "firstName": "John", "lastName": "Doe"},
        {"confirmationNumber": "num2", "firstName": "Jane", "lastName": "Doe"}
    ]
}
```

### Account and Reservation-specific configuration
Setting specific configuration values for an account or reservation allows you to fully customize how you want them to be
monitored by the script. Here is a list of configuration values that can be applied to an individual account or reservation:
- [Fare Check](#fare-check)
- [Healthchecks URL](#healthchecks-url)
- [Notification URLS](#notification-urls)
- [Notification Level](#notification-level)
- [Retrieval Interval](#retrieval-interval)

Not all options have to be specified for each account or reservation. If an option is not specified, the top-level value is used
(or the default value if no top-level value is specified either) with exception to the Healthchecks URL. Any accounts or reservations
specified through the command line will use all of the top-level values.

An important note about notification URLs: An account or reservation with specific notification URLs will send notifications to those
URLs as well as URLs specified globally.

#### Examples
Here are a few examples of how the configuration options can be specified:

In this example, `user1`'s account will not check for lower flight fares. However, `user2`'s account will as the top-level value for
`check_fares` is `true`.
```json
{
    "check_fares": true,
    "accounts": [
        {"username": "user1", "password": "pass1", "check_fares": false},
        {"username": "user2", "password": "pass2"}
    ]
}
```

In this example, the script will send notifications attached to this reservation to both `top-level.url` and `my-special.url`.
```json
{
    "notification_urls": "https://top-level.url",
    "reservations": [
        {
            "confirmationNumber": "num1",
            "firstName": "John",
            "lastName": "Doe",
            "notification_urls": "https://my-special.url"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Healthchecks URL
Default: No URL \
Type: String

Monitor successful and failed fare checks using a [Healthchecks.io](https://healthchecks.io/) URL. When a fare check
fails, the `/fail` endpoint of your Healthchecks URL will be pinged to notify you of the failure.

This configuration option can only be applied within reservation and account configurations (specifying it at the top-level
will have no effect). Due to this, no environment variable is provided as a replacement for this configuration option.
```json
{
    "accounts": [
        {
            "username": "user1",
            "password": "pass1",
            "healthchecks_url": "https://hc-ping.com/uuid"
        }
    ]
}
```


[0]: https://github.com/caronc/apprise
[1]: https://github.com/caronc/apprise#supported-notifications
